Refactored Audio_VLC. (#16)
NatronGitHub/natron-plugins: Draw/Audio_VLC/README.md

# Simple Audio Playback

For easier use, make sure 'Auto-Turbo' is disabled.

# Main Repo for CGVIRUS Dev & Issues

https://github.com/cgvirus/Natron-Hack-Dev

# Demo and Tutorial:

https://youtu.be/K26n5VaNhx0

# For Windows users:

> You have to set the VLC environment path in windows. To do this there are two `.bat` files in the folder Audio_VLC. If you are using VLC 32 bit then double click the x86bit bat file. If you are using VLC 64-bit app, then double-click the x64 bit bat file; it will set the path for you. File paths with accented characters do not currently work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to set the VLC environment path in Windows. To do this there are two `.bat` files in the folder `Audio_VLC`, they will set the path for you. If you are using a 32-bit VLC, then run the x86 one. If you are using a 64-bit VLC, then run the x64 one. File paths with accented characters do not currently work.
```
